Add docs section (#46)
openshift/node-observability-operator: docs/README.md

  image: ${INDEX_IMG}
EOF
```
4. Follow same steps as deployment from public release (see above)

## Prepare to run profiling queries

In order to be able to run profiling queries on a subset of worker nodes, a `NodeObservability` custom resource needs to be created.

The following `NodeObservability` will create a daemonset targetting all nodes with label `app: example`, running a `node-observability-agent` pod on each of those node using the image given in `.spec.image`.

```yaml
apiVersion: nodeobservability.olm.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: NodeObservability
metadata:
  name: nodeobservability-sample
  namespace: node-observability-operator
spec:
  labels:
    "node-role.kubernetes.io/worker": ""
  image: "brew.registry.redhat.io/rh-osbs/node-observability-agent:0.1.0-3"
```

The CRIO unix socket of the underlying node is mounted on the agent pod, thus allowing the agent to communicate with CRIO to run the pprof request.

The `kubelet-serving-ca` certificate chain is also mounted on the agent pod, which allows secure communication between agent and node's kubelet endpoint.

## Run profiling queries

Profiling query is a blocking operation and contains about 30 seconds

> worth of profiling (kubelet + crio `/pprof`) data. As such, only one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
worth of profiling (kubelet + crio `/pprof`) data. You can query only one request concurrently.
```

> query can be requested concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Profiling queries can be requested with creating a `NodeObservabilityRun`

Reviewer: You can request a Profiling queries by creating a `NodeObservabilityRun` resource.

resource. For example:

```yaml
apiVersion: nodeobservability.olm.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: NodeObservabilityRun
metadata:
  name: nodeobservabilityrun-sample
spec:
  nodeObservabilityRef:
    name: nodeobservability-sample
```

_Note: `NodeObservability` resource has to exist and referenced from the Run_

> Once a `NodeObservabilityRun` is created, progress of the run is tracked in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a `NodeObservabilityRun` is created, you can track the progress of the run in
```

> the `.Status` field. First, `StartTimestamp` is recorded and when the run has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `.Status` field. At first, `StartTimestamp` is recorded and when the run has
```

kind: NodeObservabilityRun
metadata:
  name: nodeobservabilityrun-sample
spec:
  nodeObservabilityRef:
    name: nodeobservability-sample
...
apiVersion: nodeobservability.olm.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: NodeObservabilityRun
metadata:
  name: nodeobservabilityrun-sample
spec:
  nodeObservabilityRef:
    name: nodeobservability-sample
status:
  startTimestamp: 2022-05-12T15:25:54.192343392+02:00
  agents:
  - name: ip-172-31-83-20.ec2.internal
    ip: 172.31.83.20
    port: 8443
  - name: ip-172-31-83-22.ec2.internal
    ip: 172.31.83.22
    port: 8443
...
apiVersion: nodeobservability.olm.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: NodeObservabilityRun
metadata:
  name: nodeobservabilityrun-sample
spec:
  nodeObservabilityRef:
    name: nodeobservability-sample
status:
  startTimestamp: 2022-05-12T15:25:54.192343392+02:00
  finishedTimestamp 2022-05-12T15:26:25.192343392+02:00
  agents:
  - name: ip-172-31-83-20.ec2.internal
    ip: 172.31.83.20
    port: 8443
  - name: ip-172-31-83-22.ec2.internal
    ip: 172.31.83.22
    port: 8443
  output: /run/node-observability/50778b44-d1f8-11ec-9d64-0242ac120002
```

Data retrieval is currently in development.

> Right now the data is stored in the container file system under `/run`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of now the data is stored in the container file system under `/run`.
```
